on the night of January 28th 1981 illy
City Fire Department task force 60 in
North Hollywood responded to a structure
fire at a restaurant there was four of
us up on the roof and all of a sudden I
heard a big and felt a big shake and I
look back and the roof just dropped from
the north side it just here's the
parapet here's the roof and it just went
like that this particular fire changed
the course of a lot of people's lives
because it was set by an arsonist and it
took the life of one of our own brothers
LA City apparatus operator Thomas Taylor
that night I could hear him yelling you
know I knew he was in big trouble and
one of the guys had scrambled up the
area when they knew what happened he
reached down with his hand and he
couldn't hang on to it you know it was
just too much weight and their gloves
are all wet and he dropped them and that
was it captain met me on the apparatus
floor and said I'm lucky to come to the
office they said there's been an
accident and your brother's involved
well I finally pressed this one captain
I go just just you know don't sugarcoat
this thing is he dead or not and he goes
yeah he's dead so it was a real bad day
to kill a LA City firefighter or any
firefighter for that matter due to arson
due to a crime it just seems to take it
to another level a guy named Mario
Catania did it and I mean he actually
lit the fire he was contracted this
restaurant was failing they were losing
money it was constant in 4000 and want
to keep it open they gave me $2,500 and
the keys to the restaurant and he says
departing that evening that tomorrow you
won't be in the restaurant business
anymore in my opinion he's a hired
assassin that's all he is
he got 25 to life and he started going
to parole hearings in 2004 you know it
wasn't even to the 25 year
yeah he was at the minimum coming up in
June 28th there'll be a parole hearing
and Blythe had chuckwalla Valley State
Prison between now on the 28th we're
urging you to please write a letter to
the parole board urging them to keep
Mario Catania behind bars they have
convicted three arsonist in the last
couple of years where people had died
they're getting the death penalty Mario
didn't he's nowhere near in my book of
serving his time I mean he affected so
many lives
Tom Taylor is dead - boys ended up
without a father a wife without a
husband brother and father brokenhearted
we want to send a message to other
arsonists that firefighters don't forget
firefighters band together and will
always come through for one another
we gotta make dire consequences for the
people that commit these acts they are
going to have to pay for their sins
you